file-upload doc and image (#105)
oda-hub/hugo-odahub: content/docs/guide-development.md

	credentials=json.loads(credentials_env)
	client = Client(address=credentials["address"])

```

### How to upload a file to be used for the notebook execution

> In order to use a file during the notebook execution, two possible annotations (from the MMODA [ontology](https://odahub.io/ontology/)) are available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to define an file as one of the input notebook parameters, two possible annotations (from the MMODA [ontology](https://odahub.io/ontology/)) are available:
```

* `oda:POSIXPath`
* `oda:FileURL`

> #### `oda:PosixPATH`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### `oda:POSIXPath`
```
?

Author: true...

This is used to reference a file locally available in the repository. For example:

```python
img_file_path = 'image.png' # oda:POSIXPath
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is advisable to put an example file in the repository matching the default file name ( `'image.png'`  in the example above) to allow easy testing of the notebook.
```

#### `oda:FileURL`

> This is instead to have a url of a file. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This annotation is instead used when the notebook expects parameter to be a URL of a file. For example:
```
